these are the materials that you'll need
to assemble your tent I've got some
dowels and all of these supplies can be
found at your craft store where you buy
your yarn I've just got some wooden
dowels and I've got pruning shears to
cut them with that's a really simple way
to cut them I've got some twine that
we're going to bind the tops and bottoms
together and I'll show you that this is
the yarn that I used it's just a sport
wait baby yarn and it's soft red I've
got a tape measure you will need a yarn
needle and I have two different size
hooks that I used in this project one is
the size N or 10 millimeter which is the
pink one and the other one was a size J
and I think that is the six millimeter
pair of scissors and these are the
pieces that we have crocheted everything
has done a double crochet this is the
large triangle for the back and it is
nine rows or circles that's how you can
count how big it is just by counting
these little holes and there are nine
and then we have a small one and it is
three rows this one is really simple you
can make this one up in like 15 minutes
and then I did put some baubles on the
edge I'm going to show you how to do
that if you'd like to add that little
trim this is going to be the front side
where the bottom part will be open for
the door so these are going to hang
these are the little circles the rounds
the polka dots that we made you can see
that this one rectangle piece already
has them sewn on and I tried something I
don't know if I'm going to keep it that
way or not but I tried stuffing them so
that they're puffy
see if I can get an angle so that you
can see that they stick out a little
puffy and I'm not sure if I'm going to
keep that or not but we'll sink so you
need the two rectangles
they're both 22 rows and the two
triangles and that's it so hopefully
you'll try this project with me